Access Control: Provisioning docs cleanup (#34982)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/access-control/provisioning.md

## Configuration

The configuration files must be placed in [`provisioning/access-control/`]({{< relref "../../administration/configuration/#provisioning" >}}).
Grafana performs provisioning during the startup. Refer to the [Reload provisioning configurations]({{< relref "../../http_api/admin/#reload-provisioning-configurations" >}}) to understand how you can reload configuration at runtime.

## Manage custom roles

> You can create, update and delete custom roles, as well as create and remove built-in role assignments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create, update, and delete custom roles, as well as create and remove built-in role assignments.
```

### Create or update roles

To create or update custom roles, you can add a list of `roles` in the configuration.

Every role has a [version]({{< relref "./roles.md#custom-roles" >}}) number. For each role you update, you must remember to increment it, otherwise changes won't be accounted for.

> When you update a role, the existing role, inside grafana, will be altered to be exactly what is specified in the yaml file, including permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you update a role, the existing role inside grafana is altered to be exactly what is specified in the YAML file, including permissions.
```

> Here is an example yaml file to create a local role with a set of permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example YAML file to create a local role with a set of permissions:
```

```yaml
# config file version
apiVersion: 1

> # Roles to insert/update in the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Roles to insert into the database, or roles to update in the database
```
Avoid `/` because it is typically ambiguous.

roles:
  - name: custom:users:editor

>     description: "This role allows users to list/create/update other users in the organization"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: "This role allows users to list, create, or update other users within the organization."
```

    version: 1
    orgId: 1
    permissions:
      - action: "users:read"
        scope: "users:*"
      - action: "users:write"
        scope: "users:*"
      - action: "users:create"
        scope: "users:*"
```

> Here is an example yaml file to create a global role with a set of permissions (the global:true option makes a role global):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example YAML file to create a global role with a set of permissions, where the `global:true` option makes a role global:
```

```yaml
# config file version
apiVersion: 1

> # Roles to insert/update in the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Roles to insert into the database, or roles to update in the database
```

roles:
  - name: custom:users:editor

>     description: "This role allows users to list/create/update other users in the organization"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: "This role allows users to list, create, or update other users within the organization."
```

    version: 1
    global: true
    permissions:
      - action: "users:read"
        scope: "users:*"
      - action: "users:write"
        scope: "users:*"
      - action: "users:create"
        scope: "users:*"
```
The `orgId` is lost when the role is set to global.

### Delete roles 

> To delete a role, you can add a list of roles under the `deleteRoles` section in the configuration file. Deletion is performed after role insertion/update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a role, you can add a list of roles under the `deleteRoles` section in the configuration file. Such a deletion is performed after a role is inserted or updated.
```

> Here is an example yaml file to delete a role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example YAML file to delete a role:
```

```yaml
# config file version
apiVersion: 1

# list of roles that should be deleted
deleteRoles:
  - name: custom:reports:editor
    orgId: 1
    force: true
```

### Assign your custom role to specific built-in roles

> To assign roles to built-in roles, add said built-in roles to the `builtInRoles` section of your roles. To remove specific assignments you can just remove them from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To assign roles to built-in roles, add said built-in roles to the `builtInRoles` section of your roles. To remove a specific assignment, remove it from the list.
```

> For example this role will be assigned to "Editor" or "Admin" users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following role is assigned to an organization editor or an organization administrator:
```

```yaml
# config file version
apiVersion: 1

# Roles to insert/update in the database
roles:
  - name: custom:users:editor
    description: "This role allows users to list/create/update other users in the organization"
    version: 1
    orgId: 1
    permissions:
      - action: "users:read"
        scope: "users:*"
      - action: "users:write"
        scope: "users:*"
      - action: "users:create"
        scope: "users:*"
    builtInRoles:
      - name: "Editor"
      - name: "Admin"
```

## Manage default built-in role assignments

During startup, Grafana creates [default built-in role assignments]({{< relref "./roles#default-built-in-role-assignments" >}}) with [fixed roles]({{< relref "./roles#fixed-roles" >}}). You can remove and later restore those assignments with provisioning.

### Remove default assignment

To remove default built-in role assignments, use the `removeDefaultAssignments` element in the configuration file. You need to provide the built-in role name and fixed role name.

Here is an example:
```yaml
# config file version
apiVersion: 1

# list of default built-in role assignments that should be removed
removeDefaultAssignments:

>   - builtInRole: "Grafana server administrator"

Reviewer 2: Built-In roles can only be "Viewer", "Editor",  "Admin", "Grafana Admin"
```suggestion
  - builtInRole: "Grafana Admin"
```

Reviewer: OK, so in code, use those. In plain text, use Grafana server administrator, organization viewer, organization editor, or organization administrator.

>   - builtInRole: "Grafana Admin"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - builtInRole: "Grafana server administrator"
```

    fixedRole: "fixed:permissions:admin"

```

### Restore default assignment

> To restore the default built-in role assignment, use the `addDefaultAssignments` element in the configuration file. You need to provide the built-in role name and fixed role name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore the default built-in role assignment, use the `addDefaultAssignments` element in the configuration file. You need to provide the built-in role name and the fixed-role name.
```
